so much welcome cuckoo will be namco
re welcome I should say because I
wanted to make a video in fact
for my return on youtube I am
sorry to have been absent but how
done I had indicated on my page
Facebook
we'll say it was a little contreras
will since I was absent actually
because I was robbed on the 16th
january and that that burglars in
did take all my material
computer photos short everything I was
still a little disgusted since
I assure you that when you are
phone actually circulates the work
to tell you sir I'm sorry
to tell you but you have to enter
you've been robbed your friend
your door and flowerbeds and
the apartment wide open that's it
makes a funny effect so has voila
when I arrived I had more
computer then the camera more
cameras more than a witness but finally
if these he had left me anyway
a memory card a mouse that me
smile, that's the only thing they
have left so so so here is especially
that it does not happen either when
just the day before I had turned four
videos that I was actually in the process of
get on the computer so go
obviously he took away the computer with
the edited videos so voila and I had
still because the age and ultimately
I still took a computer
for a camera and I still had the
good surprise to discover that in a
file under my memory card I
still still videos that was
stayed so I had to have them
goes back and the absence to duration
still a little bit because because
that I had to buy everything I bought
a new camera so you have to
to rehab with it's not the same as
the former so you have to learn to
use
I always worked on mac it's
the same and this is the computer
in fact I did not want to install the
updates from haguenau
because every time
that we install updates must
get used to using them to use the
new queen
the new version of the software is so
it's a bit of a hassle I have a little trouble
so I'm sorry if the first
videos montages m here is not tip top
and for the thumbnails of
minya on youtube normally I have them
did the powerpoint but since the
lifts powerpoint in fact it's a
software that was paying they are
taken without joking with and with the
license so
so here I did not want to buy him back
so I'm using for the moment a
free version of photoshop so I
wanted that for 30 days but it's a
little bit like galley to do the
thumbnails so so here I wanted
apologize for this absence is for you
to say that I recognize that there are already six
videos in the box so by the way
same time as you watch this video
there is another who is already in
loading so there is a little bit of
all there are tutorials the video that
I 'm going to charge you actually it's a
tutorial with both news
pallets from sisley so in fact there
are two tutorials in a video room I
have you done reviews I'm going
certainly if you do a review on
ice since
I think I still have
my absence continue to test
products
via a review on chili to
makeup tutorials with pallets
sisley i did it with the
electric pallet of urban decay on
models of course what am I
did I do a review on the funds
Chanel complexion
I did a cigarette review
electronics also because for the
smokers I think it can be helpful
a review on the brushes he is well
sure the favorites i'm going to talk to you about
novelty sisley brief for now
it's actually the videos they are
already turned and down like that gives us
a little advanced I'll be able to
do others
so that's why I've been away
I was still present on twitter
and instagram does a lot more about
instagram since I still had my
laptop
so if you did not actually know that
I had an instagram account
put down there in the video there and
I let you go see so in
google i posted you the pictures of
my new roommate who arrives in
a month
roommates or trainees finally brief
you will be able to see what he
So here looks like and bah I still have
more than to let you watch the
future video and again I'm
sorry so here are kisses to all and then
there is the next on evenko lease